well I'm ready to put the icing on the
cake for your stroke development we've
covered the perfect alignment we've
covered the cue under the shoulder
plumb-bob effect we've covered working
over the sights to program that muscle
memory the barrier training and now I'm
going to give you basically a technique
that is just phenomenal how it works
it'll just absolutely fine-tune any
glitch you've got in your game as far as
your stroke goes I want you to imagine
first of all that you're looking at a
mirror when you get up in the morning
and if you're a guy who shaves and
you're using a straight razor and you're
looking in the mirror to shave with the
reason you're using that mirrors because
you can see if you miss a whisker so to
speak say you don't want to cut yourself
so you're looking in that mirror so the
mirror is used in a very very positive
way there if you say you're a lady and
you're working on the hairdo or
something or you just say just general
you're working on washing your face in
the morning whatever it might be whoever
it might be you're using that mirror as
a feedback tool to give you an immediate
response I've discovered there are three
ways to teach in the game one is you can
simply have an instructor right there
with you so when you make a mistake they
can tap you on the head with a ruler and
they can say you know let's get it right
so to speak another way would be to take
a video camera and videotape your game
look at yourself in the video camera and
see what you're doing wrong the only
problem with that is is that you can't
really talk to yourself in the video
because it's in the past whatever you
see yourself doing wrong inside the
camera
you can't tell yourself in the camera to
change it because you're not gonna
listen because it is in the past and
that filming so I brought us up to kind
of a present day mode of learning where
you can teach yourself very easily we
actually would pretend you were in your
bedroom you would have a mirror on your
dresser or anywhere you can put a mirror
you could do it at your pool table if
you wanted to at the other end of the
table so you would there's two stages to
this process number one is you would
first know you would do your chalking
process if you saw yourself not chalking
in a mirror then you'd have to work on
chalking in the mirror server
time so your brain would see that and it
would make that implant a technique of
chalking every time once you have that
down you would step into your shot and
as you step into your shot if you see
yourself stepping in straight with
acoustic under your shoulder you'll be
able to see that in the mirror now since
you're looking at this straight through
the camera's lens you're going to be
able to see that cue stick under your
shoulder and there's no reason why you
would have to make any adjustments but
let's assume that when you stepped into
the cue ball and you could actually put
an apple on your dresser in your bedroom
if you took a broom handle anything
straight and stepped in if you saw your
stuff self step in like this you can
obviously see the cue stick out to the
side of your shoulder like this so it's
not into the plumb-bob effect so you'd
get back up you come in again with
closer but you see it to close this time
you'd get back up and you keep coming
down you keep making these up-and-down
adjustments until finally you had your
cue stick under your shoulder so you're
you're your visual perspective of the
actual eye is seeing yourself fine-tune
too far out too far in until it gets
perfectly a plumb bob this is perfect
like getting every whisker on the face
or whatever you might be doing you're
gonna get every whisker before you leave
the house and this is a wonderful
training tool five minutes a day works
perfect for about a week then of course
after you've programmed the plumb bob
effect you start swinging your cue and
if you see yourself swinging your cue
straight in the mirror look up in the
mirror you can see that then you stay
with it and just do it five minutes a
day for about a week if you see yourself
swinging crooked like this like this
then you can tell yourself in the mirror
hey this isn't right let's fix that
don't swing crooked and you'll
eventually convince yourself that you're
actually muscle memory has been
programmed to swing crooked so you can
deprogram that by telling yourself and
you'll be listening yourself in the
mirror just like when you get that extra
whisker that's on the face so these are
these are situations where you can use a
mirror to your advantage and it's in the
present-day mode so I highly encourage
people and players to always use a
mirror when they're wanting to see the
in present mode of what they're doing
wrong that way if somebody tells you
you're doing something wrong in this
particular case you're now listening to
yourself seeing yourself doing something
wrong and you can actually make the
correction in a present day mode so this
is going to be a very valuable tip to
improve your game and so if you use that
burning focus over the sites
the barrier training and top it off with
this mirror training you're gonna go to
a level that you're not gonna believe
your game could be possible so I hope
you enjoy this technique use it to your
best and I hope you also enjoyed this
ESI instructional tip